---
title: "1. Set Up an Integration"
---

An integration grants Twelve Labs access to read the files in your S3 bucket.
Before you can use the cloud-to-cloud transfer feature, you must set up an
integration by following the steps in this guide.

## Prerequisites

- Before starting this procedure, make sure you have the following information
  available:

  - Your AWS account ID. For instructions, see the
    [Finding Your AWS Account ID](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/console%5Faccount-alias.html#FindingYourAWSId)
    section of the AWS documentation
  - The name of your bucket

- Your bucket must be in the `us-west-2` region.

## Procedure

1 . Go to the [Dashboard](https://api.twelvelabs.io/dashboard) page.

2\. From the sidebar, choose **Integrations**. Then, select **Add Integration**
\> **AWS S3**:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/add-integration-aws-s3.png)

3\. In the **Integrate AWS S3** modal, enter your AWS ID and bucket name. Then,
select the **Next** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/integrate-aws-s3-select-next-2.png)

### Create an AWS Policy

1\. Open the
[IAM Dashboard](https://us-east-1.console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/home) page.

2\. From the sidebar, choose **Policies**. Then, select the **Create Policy**
button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/iam-console-select-create-policy-2.png)

3. Select the **JSON** tab:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/create-policiy-select-json-tab.png)

4\. Move to the **Twelve Labs Dashboard** page, and copy the JSON snippet under
**Step 1 : Create Policy**:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/step-1-create-policy-copy-json-2.png)

5\. Move to the **IAM Dashboard** page, and replace the content of the **JSON**
tab with the snippet you've copied in the previous step. Then, select the
**Next: Tags** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-next-tags.png)

6\. _(Optional)_ On the **Add Tags** page, add any tags you want to associate
with the policy. Then, select the **Next: Review** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-next-review.png)

7\. On the **Review Policy** page, set the name of the policy to
"TwelvelabsIntegrationPolicy" and enter a brief description. Then, select the
**Create Policy** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-create-policy.png)

**NOTE**: Do not change the name of the policy. If you rename the policy, the
integration will not work.

8\. On the **Policies** page, make sure that the system displays your new
policy:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/make-sure-your-policy-is-displayed.png)

**NOTE**: If the system does not display your policy, review the steps in this
section, making sure all the information you entered is correct.:

### Create an AWS Role

1. From the sidebar, choose **Roles**. Then, select the **Create Role** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-roles-create-role.png)

2. Under **Trusted Entity Type**, select **Custom Trust Policy**:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-custom-trust-policy.png)

3\. Move to the **Twelve Labs Dashboard** page, and copy the JSON snippet under
**Step 2 : Create Role**:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/step-2-create-role-copy-json.png)

4\. Move to the **IAM Dashboard** page, and replace the content of the **Custom
trust policy** box with the snippet you've copied in the previous step. Then,
select the **Next** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/paste-trust-policy-and-select-next.png)

5\. On the **Add Permissions** page, select the policy you've created in the
previous section. Then, select the **Next** button at the bottom-right corner of
the page:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-twelve-labs-integration-policy.png)

6\. On the **Name, Review, and Create** page, set the name of the role to
`TwelvelabsIntegrationRole` and enter a brief description. Then, select the
**Create Role** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/name-review-and-create.png)

**NOTE**: Do not change the name of the role. If you rename the role, the
integration will not work.

7. On the **Roles** page, make sure that the system displays your new role:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/make-sure-your-role-has-been-created.png)

**NOTE**: If the system does not display your role, review the steps in this
section, making sure all the information you entered is correct.

### Verify Your Integration Configuration

1\. Move to the Twelve Labs dashboard. Under **Step 3 : Check Verification**,
select the **Verify My Account** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-verify-my-account.png)

If everything went well, you should see a message saying "Verification
successful!":

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/verification-successful.png)

2. Select the **Done** button:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/select-done.png)

3\. On the **Connected Integrations** page, make sure that the status of your
new integration shows as **Active**:

![](/images/guides/uploading-videos/cloud-to-cloud-transfers/status-active.png)

**NOTE**: When the status of your integration shows as **Active**, it means that
the API service can access the videos in your S3 bucket. If the status does not
show as **Active**, review the steps in this section, making sure all the
information you entered is correct.
